Update Kotlin Multiplatform SDK documentation for 0.5.0 release (#27437)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/mobile_and_tv_monitoring/kotlin_multiplatform/setup.md

### Initialize the RUM Ktor plugin to track network events made with Ktor

> 1. Add the Gradle dependency to the `dd-sdk-kotlin-multiplatform-ktor` library if you are using Ktor 2.x, or to the `dd-sdk-kotlin-multiplatform-ktor3` if you are using Ktor 3.x in your `build.gradle.kts` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your `build.gradle.kts` file, add the Gradle dependency to `dd-sdk-kotlin-multiplatform-ktor` for Ktor 2.x, or `dd-sdk-kotlin-multiplatform-ktor3` for Ktor 3.x:
```

```kotlin
kotlin {
    // ...
    sourceSets {
        // ...
        commonMain.dependencies {

>             // in case of Ktor 2.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Use this line if you are using Ktor 2.x
```

            implementation("com.datadoghq:dd-sdk-kotlin-multiplatform-ktor:x.x.x")

>             // in case of Ktor 3.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Use this line if you are using Ktor 3.x
```
